hello there and welcome to this video
tutorial on the new view 10 ecosystems
facing feature I'm going to walk you
through a simple exercise which will
demonstrate this cool new animation
capability we start by loading in a view
bamboo plant and creating a short plant
animation with four key frames that sway
the plant back and forth using the
individual plant wind controls then we
open the animation tool box and make it
a looping animation by selecting the
repeat animation option next we save the
plant as a view object which will save
the plant along with the animation that
we just created now let's create a
simple terrain to use as the base for
our animated ecosystem in the material
editor we've set the material as an
ecosystem and then load in our
previously created bamboo object we set
the maximum instance rotation 20 degrees
so that all of the instances remain
aligned and then we populate the
ecosystem now let's create a short 10
second animation open the timeline set
the animation length and render you can
see that the animation doesn't look very
realistic and here is where equal
phasing comes to the rescue we go back
into the ecosystem material editor and
under the animation tab we are going to
use a variable time offset the offset
will be driven by a function in this
case we will load in a gradient map to
create a wind wave effect we then set
the time offset range which indicates
how often in seconds each instance phase
loop will begin set the number of
variations to 60 which means that
they're up to 60 possible variations
each instance can have per frame now we
populate the ecosystem and re-render
notice how much more natural-looking the
animation appears you can use the
ecosystem animation phasing to achieve a
variety of natural-looking movements
here's an excellent example of an
underwater foliage scene and that's all
there is to it thanks for watching this
tutorial and happy viewing